I is tamir and today I would talk about
injustice gods among us today's topic is
Clayface first I'm going to give a brief
history Clayface and then i will talk
about how you will put how you could
possibly been to the game and what will
his moveset speed um well clean faces
real name is basil Karlo the original
Clayface was acted with your mad when he
heard of a remake of the classic horror
film he has started the terror adopting
two persona of the film's villain
Clayface he became a serial killer
targeting the cast and crew it was
eventually stopped by Batman or Robin
later Carlo will be in dubbed with the
powers of clay face additionally his
body supports crystal another courts
that give him the pad give him great
powers clay theses powers are being able
to morph into anything he wants you can
be if you haven't played arkham city
great game he's the final villain and
you can turn into he can only be stopped
by a few things either shooting ice
crystals into his mouth to like stop him
from be able to transform into anything
he wants or by shooting the electrical
charges into him so if the only villains
I could really bring down Clayface would
be captain Koehler mr. freeze which
captive for looks like most likely going
to be in the game or maybe static shock
or Shazam anybody with electrical powers
um so clear face would be a great
villain in the game because these power
moves beat such a wide range um now how
would he finish the game i would say he
would start out almost like giving him
his history like he starts out before he
became Clayface as a normal person and
maybe throughout like the storyline when
he's like cracking down like people and
killing them like the cast and crew
Batman comes in like takes down clay
face and then he actually becomes clay
face with the
souls in his body and so on so you'd
probably on Batman side even though he's
Batman villain sometime in a few
comments they have worked together so he
would be I would say he would be on
Batman side arm but my question for you
is do you want Clayface to be an
injustice gods among us and if so how
would you want him to play which I would
you want him to be on um that's all for
today's video and I hope you enjoyed it
and I'll see you next time on my neck
injustice gods among this video